Israeli forces have intensified their
attacks in Rafa pushing deeper into the
city's Eastern
areas buildings around the kuti hospital
are Under Fire where civilians have been
Sheltering for
months I see that Rafa cannot bear to be
invaded by Israel there are many
casualties most of the injured and
martyrs that are arriving at this
Hospital are women and children and
mostly displaced
persons M's armed Wing the kasan Brigade
say they have hit two tanks in a vehicle
carrying Israeli
troops as fears of full-scale ground
Invasion grows and the city comes under
intensified attacks from the air the UN
estimates more than 100,000 people are
fleeing to try and find any form of
safety for many There's No Escape
[Applause]
this mother bids A Farewell to her son
as he dies in her
arms despite Global calls for restraint
the Israeli Army has launched multiple
strikes on Rafa this week on Monday the
Israeli Army dropped Lea Flats ordering
Palestinians to
evacuate families who once called Rafa
home are now heading to almasi and their
Al baa but they're struggling to find
food water and other supplies and to
know no part of Gaza is safe Axel zovich
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer